## GPs as a limit of Bayesian Neural Netoworks
Given $y(\vec{x})$ and $\vec{x}$ with $N$ dimensions is a feature of our training set $\mathcal{D} = \{\mathcal{X}, \mathcal{Y}\}$. From this we want to predict any $y$ at any $\vec{x}$. In terms of molecules this would mean, that I give you a training set of molecules, e.g. the GDB-9 ($\mathcal{X}$) with all the free energies ($\mathcal{Y}$) [1] and way of encoding the molecules, for example their SMILES string. 

The simplest artificial neural network 
\[ y(\vec{x} = b + \sum_{i=1}^{M} w_j \sigma_j(\vec{x}))\]
with
\[\sigma_i(\vec{x}) = \tanh(\beta_j + \sigma^N_{i=1} x_i v_{ij})\]
which is the activation function, where we use the letter $\sigma$ to indicate that it is sigmoidal, i.e. like an S-curve. <some more NN explanation>.

In the Bayesian way of thinking, we assume that all the variables in the neural net, namely bias $b$ and $\beta$ and all the weights $v_{ij}$ and $w_i$ have an uncertainty to them. As George Box put it: "All models are wrong." so it makes sense to give all our parameters a little probability distribution and treat them as random variables. To not write out all the parameter names, we will call them collectively $\mathbf{\theta}$. 

Bayesian theorists have a lot to say about the objectivity of priors and whether that exists. What prior knowledge is allowed to go into a model or not is philosophically a very difficult problem. For now we just call our prior $P(\mathbf{\theta})$. In the sciences, this could be the normal distribution or some domain specific knowledge we have, like the Boltzmann distribution in statistical mechanics. Performing $P(\mathbf{\theta}) \cdot y(\vec{x},\mathbf{\theta})$ would result in the likelihood for the model, $P(\mathbf{\mathbf{x} | \theta})$. We're interested in the probability of the parameter distributions though, which is the posterior, $P( \theta | \mathbf{\mathbf{x}})$.

<Bayesian Theorem>

In this new, Bayesian neural network, we obtain as a result $y(\vec{x}, \mathbf{\theta})$. As a prior, we assume a Normal distribution. We see now that the equations X and Y become sums of products of $\tanh$-transformed sums of Gaussians. In the limit of $M\rightarrow\inf$ the central limit theorem tells us that equation Y becomes Gaussian.

<central limit theorem>



[1] GDB paper
